s is the final project for Interactive Computer Graphics, by Shangqi Wu.

This program is developed with the virtual machine provided by this course. 

To compile this program, please use the makefile and type "make" in command line. Executable file will be named "project". Command "make clean" can remove the executable file.

To run this program, please type "./project" in command line. It reads 3 files in this tar file automatically without asking for your inputs. 

Default view: 
Once input file is successfully loaded, it will generate a window with black background and object in the center. It performs perspective projection, while camera starts from the front of the object (0, 0, 1), rotating counter-clockwise with radius of 1. There are 3 light sources, the blue one is moving with camera slightly behind it, while the green one is rotating at height of 1 independently, the last one is a meganta still light source to the front of the object. Material is white plastic. 

Menu instruction: 
There are 4 submenus, one is for start/stop camera and light rotation, the second one is for changing projection mode between perspective and parallel, the third one is for selecting material, and the last one is for light color. You can make desired change by clicking menu options. You can change the light to white through the menu so that it is more convenient to check difference among all materials. 

Keyboard instruction:
Camera control:
'w': Increase height of camera.
's': Decrease height of camera.
'a': Increase orbit radius of camera, i.e., the object look smaller.
'd': Decrease orbit radius of camera, i.e., the object look larger.
'e': Increase speed of camera rotation when rotating counter-clockwise, while decreasing speed when rotating clockwise.
'q': Decrease speed of camera rotation when rotating counter-clockwise, while decreasing speed when rotating clockwise. 
'x': Allows you rotate camera counter-clockwise by one step. 
'z': Allows you rotate camera clockwise by one step. 
Light source 2 position:
't': Increasing light height.
'g': Decreasing light height.
'h': Increasing light orbit radius, the light source becomes farther to the object.
'f': Decreasing light orbit radius, the loght source becomes closer to the object. 
'y': Rotate light 2 counter-clockwise.
'r': Rotate light 2 clockwise.
'v': Make light 2 rotate 2x faster.
'c': Make light 2 rotate half speed.

Please note that about changing camera rotation speed:
The default dt is 0.01, it can be added or subtracted by 0.0025. So if you press 'q' for 4 times, it will stop rotation because dt is now 0. If you press 'q' one more time, it will rotate clockwise since dt now is negative and it will rotate faster by pressing 'q'. You can make it rotate counter-clockwise again by pressing 'e'. This is in part of my design to make it possible to rotate both 2 directions. 


